==OpenNPO: APIs For Nonprofits
OpenNPO is an project that provides developer access to available nonprofit information through an application programming interface (API). The intent of the project to build applications that benefit nonprofits.

==IRS Publication 78
Publication 78 is a list of organizations eligible to receive tax-deductible charitable organizations. Publication 78 is available as a text file from the IRS website. Or you can manually search the list on the IRS site. The Publication 78 is updated on a monthly basis.

==IRS Publication 78 API
OpenNPO has created an REST api for access to Publication 78 which returns the results in a JSON format.

GET search
Returns available nonprofit information that match a specified query.

Resource URL
http://opennpo.info/search.json

Parameters - A minimum of one parameter is required. Parameters should be URL encoded.
dba - Doing Business As. Returns nonprofit organizations with a name similar to the given parameter value.

ein - Employer ID Number. Returns nonprofit organization that match the given parameter value.

city - Returns nonprofit organizations that are registered in the city parameter value. 

state - Returns nonprofit organizations that are registered in the state parameter value. Parameter value must match the two letter state code.

page - Must be used with other query parameters. Returns the paged nonprofit organizations. Defaults to first page if not included. Each request returns a max of 50 results per page.

==Example Request
GET http://opennpo.info/search.json?city=San+Francisco&state=CA Returns all nonprofit organizations registered in San Francisco, CA
